refactoring: Harmonizing AggregationSelection-types (#4661)
neo4j/graphql: .changeset/violet-walls-travel.md

---
"@neo4j/graphql": major
---

> The old `*AggregateSelectioNonNullable`-types and `*AggregateSelectioNullable`-types are now merged into `*AggregateSelectio`-types`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The old `*AggregateSelectionNonNullable`-types and `*AggregateSelectionNullable`-types are now merged into `*AggregateSelection`-types`.
```
